website/docs/sample_data.md, before:

---
title: Sample Data
---

[Download](http://www.bioinformatics.deib.polimi.it/genomic_computing/MSPC/packages/ENCODE_Samples.zip) 
a dataset of test peaks (37 MB).


Peaks were called using [MACS2](http://liulab.dfci.harvard.edu/MACS/) with the arguments: `--auto-bimodal -p 0.0001 -g hs`.


BAM files of the test samples were obtained from [ENCODE](https://www.encodeproject.org//):

- [wgEncodeOpenChromChipK562CmycAlnRep1.bam](http://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenpath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeOpenChromChip/wgEncodeOpenChromChipK562CmycAlnRep1.bam) (412 MB);
- [wgEncodeOpenChromChipK562CmycAlnRep2.bam](http://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenpath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeOpenChromChip/wgEncodeOpenChromChipK562CmycAlnRep2.bam) (286 MB);
- [wgEncodeOpenChromChipK562CmycAlnRep3.bam](http://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenpath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeOpenChromChip/wgEncodeOpenChromChipK562CmycAlnRep3.bam) (326 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIggrabAlnRep1.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIggrabAlnRep1.bam) (390 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIggrabAlnRep2.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIggrabAlnRep2.bam) (528 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycStdAlnRep1.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycStdAlnRep1.bam) (220 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycStdAlnRep2.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycStdAlnRep2.bam) (209 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfna6hStdAlnRep1.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfna6hStdAlnRep1.bam) (386 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfna6hStdAlnRep2.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfna6hStdAlnRep2.bam) (832 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfna30StdAlnRep1.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfna30StdAlnRep1.bam) (417 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfna30StdAlnRep2.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfna30StdAlnRep2.bam) (723 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfng6hStdAlnRep1.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfng6hStdAlnRep1.bam) (555 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfng6hStdAlnRep2.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfng6hStdAlnRep2.bam) (833 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycStdAlnRep1.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycStdAlnRep1.bam) (221 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycStdAlnRep2.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycStdAlnRep2.bam) (209 MB).

Commit message:

Update sample data page with a link to the data on OSF.

website/docs/sample_data.md, after:

---
title: Sample Data
---

A cohort containing `48` randomly selected experiments from ENCODE
is available from the following page. 

https://osf.io/jqrwu/

[Download](http://www.bioinformatics.deib.polimi.it/genomic_computing/MSPC/packages/ENCODE_Samples.zip) 
a dataset of test peaks (37 MB).


Peaks were called using [MACS2](http://liulab.dfci.harvard.edu/MACS/) with the arguments: `--auto-bimodal -p 0.0001 -g hs`.


BAM files of the test samples were obtained from [ENCODE](https://www.encodeproject.org//):

- [wgEncodeOpenChromChipK562CmycAlnRep1.bam](http://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenpath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeOpenChromChip/wgEncodeOpenChromChipK562CmycAlnRep1.bam) (412 MB);
- [wgEncodeOpenChromChipK562CmycAlnRep2.bam](http://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenpath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeOpenChromChip/wgEncodeOpenChromChipK562CmycAlnRep2.bam) (286 MB);
- [wgEncodeOpenChromChipK562CmycAlnRep3.bam](http://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenpath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeOpenChromChip/wgEncodeOpenChromChipK562CmycAlnRep3.bam) (326 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIggrabAlnRep1.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIggrabAlnRep1.bam) (390 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIggrabAlnRep2.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIggrabAlnRep2.bam) (528 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycStdAlnRep1.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycStdAlnRep1.bam) (220 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycStdAlnRep2.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycStdAlnRep2.bam) (209 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfna6hStdAlnRep1.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfna6hStdAlnRep1.bam) (386 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfna6hStdAlnRep2.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfna6hStdAlnRep2.bam) (832 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfna30StdAlnRep1.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfna30StdAlnRep1.bam) (417 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfna30StdAlnRep2.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfna30StdAlnRep2.bam) (723 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfng6hStdAlnRep1.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfng6hStdAlnRep1.bam) (555 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfng6hStdAlnRep2.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycIfng6hStdAlnRep2.bam) (833 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycStdAlnRep1.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycStdAlnRep1.bam) (221 MB);
- [wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycStdAlnRep2.bam](ftp://hgdownload.cse.ucsc.edu/goldenPath/hg19/encodeDCC/wgEncodeSydhTfbs/wgEncodeSydhTfbsK562CmycStdAlnRep2.bam) (209 MB).
